Update the Note of register doc to support general installation (#361)
karmada-io/website: docs/userguide/clustermanager/cluster-registration.md

`karmadactl register` is used to register member clusters to the Karmada control plane with PULL mode. 
Be different from the `karmadactl join` which registers a cluster with `Push` mode, `karmadactl register` registers a cluster to Karmada control plane with `Pull` mode.

> > Note: it need to configurate `kube-public/cluster-info` ConfigMap in Karmada control plane to speficy a `server` that has been signed by root CA and can be accessed by member clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: it needs to configure `kube-public/cluster-info` ConfigMap in Karmada control plane to specify a `server` that has been signed by root CA and can be accessed by member clusters.
```

Author: Thanks! Done.
